
			Sun Microsystems, Inc.  
   			    License Terms
		iPlanet(tm) Directory SDK for C 5.08
 
READ THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT (THE "AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING
OR INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE.  BY DOWNLOADING OR INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE, YOU
AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT.  IF YOU ARE ACCESSING THE IPLANET(tm)
DIRECTORY SDK FOR C 5.08 ("CSDK") ELECTRONICALLY, INDICATE YOUR COMPLETE
ACCEPTANCE OF THE AGREEMENT BY SELECTING THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON DISPLAYED ALONG
WITH THE AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE PROVIDING THE AFFIRMATIVE RESPONSE REQUESTED.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT, DO NOT INSTALL, COPY
OR OTHERWISE USE THE CSDK.  IF YOU ARE ACCESSING THE CSDK ELECTRONICALLY,
INDICATE YOUR NON-ACCEPTANCE OF THE AGREEMENT BY SELECTING THE "REJECT" BUTTON
OR OTHERWISE PROVIDING THE NEGATIVE RESPONSE REQUESTED.  YOUR INSTALLATION,
COPYING OR USE OF THE CSDK INDICATES THAT YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL THE
TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT.

If you are accepting the Agreement on behalf of a corporation, partnership or
other legal entity, the use of the terms "you" and "your" in the Agreement will
refer to such entity and the entity accepting the Agreement represents and
warrants to Sun that it has sufficient permissions, capacity, consents and
authority to enter into the Agreement.

1.0 DEFINITIONS
"Licensed Software" means all or any portion of the iPlanet(tm) Directory SDK
for C 5.08 (the "Product") in binary form, and any other machine readable
materials (including, but not limited to, libraries, header files, and data
files), additional software, user manuals, programming guides and other
documentation provided to you by Sun Microsystems, Inc. ("Sun") as part of, or
embedded with, the files that comprise the Product.

2.0 LIMITED LICENSE
2.1  Internal Use and Development License.  Subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement and your complete acceptance of this Agreement, Sun grants to
you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free and limited license to
reproduce internally and use the Licensed Software. 

2.2 License to Distribute.  In addition to the license granted in Section 2.1,
subject to the terms of this Agreement, Sun grants you a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, limited license to reproduce and distribute, through multiple
tiers of sublicensees, the Licensed Software in binary form, provided that you
(i) distribute the Licensed Software without modifications and only as bundled
or integrated with your own LDAP applications designed for use with the iPlanet
Directory Server, (ii) do not distribute additional software intended to
replace any component(s) of the Licensed Software, (iii) do not remove or alter
any proprietary legends or notices contained in the Licensed Software, (iv)
only distribute the Licensed Software subject to a license agreement that
protects Sun's interests consistent with the terms contained in this Agreement,
and (v) agree to defend and indemnify Sun and its licensors from and against
any damages, costs, liabilities, settlement amounts and /or expenses (including
attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with any claim, lawsuit or action by
any third party that arises or results from the use or distribution of any and
all portions of the Licensed Software. 

3.0 LICENSE RESTRICTIONS
3.1 Except as otherwise provided by law, you may not modify or create
derivative works of the Licensed Software, or reverse engineer, disassemble or
decompile binary portions of the Licensed Software, otherwise attempt to derive
the source code from such portions, or assist any other person or entity in any
of these activities.

3.2 No right, title, or interest in or to the Licensed Software, any
trademarks, service marks, or trade names of Sun or Sun's licensors is granted
under this Agreement.

3.3 You acknowledge that Licensed Software may contain a timebomb mechanism.

3.4 Whenever you are explicitly permitted to copy or reproduce all or any part
of the Software, you shall reproduce and not efface any and all titles,
trademark symbols, copyright symbols and legends, and other proprietary
markings on or accompanying the Software.

3.5 You may not publish or provide the results of any benchmark or comparison
tests run on the Licensed Software to any third party without Sun's prior
written consent.

4.0 NO FURTHER OBLIGATIONS
Neither Sun nor its licensors are under any obligation to support the Licensed
Software or to provide you with updates or error corrections (collectively
"Software Updates"). If Sun, at its sole option, supplies Software Updates to
you, the Software Updates will be considered part of Licensed Software, and
subject to the terms of this Agreement.  Further, neither Sun nor its licensors
are under any obligation to develop, market, sell, distribute or take any other
action with respect to the Licensed Software or to provide or ensure
compatibility between the Licensed Software and any future version of the
Licensed Software.

5.0 TERM AND TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT
5.1 This Agreement will commence on the date on which you install the Licensed
Software (the "Effective Date") and will terminate as set forth below.
However, if the Licensed Software does not require installation for use, the
Effective Date is the date that you accept this Agreement.

5.2 You may terminate this Agreement at any time by completely destroying all
copies of the Licensed Software and removing all portions of the Licensed
Software that you deployed on any electronic device (including without
limitation, computer systems, servers, networks, and personal electronic
devices).

5.3 Sun may terminate this Agreement upon 10 days' written notice to you.
However, Sun may terminate this Agreement immediately should any Licensed
Software become, or in Sun's and/or its licensors' opinion be likely to become,
the subject of a claim of intellectual property infringement or trade secret
misappropriation.

5.4 Sun may terminate this Agreement immediately should you materially breach
any of its provisions or take any action in derogation of Sun's and/or its
licensors' rights to the Licensed Software.

5.5 Within ten (10) days from termination or expiration of this Agreement, you
will immediately cease use of and destroy Licensed Software and any copies
thereof and provide Sun a written statement from a duly authorized
representative certifying that you have complied with the foregoing obligations.

5.6 The following sections will survive any termination or expiration of this
Agreement: Sections 1.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.5, 5.6, and 6.0-9.0. You shall have no
rights to recover damages or seek indemnification arising from rightful
termination or expiration of this Agreement, whether by way of lost profits,
expenditures, payment of goodwill or otherwise.

6.0 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
6.1 You acknowledge that Licensed Software may contain errors and is not
designed or intended for use in the design, construction, operation or
maintenance of any nuclear facility ("High Risk Activities"). Sun and its
licensors disclaim any express or implied warranty of fitness for such uses.
You represent and warrant to Sun that you will not use, distribute or license
the Licensed Software for High Risk Activities.

6.2 LICENSED SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS".  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY
LAW, SUN EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND OR
NATURE CONCERNING THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING
WITHOUT  LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.

7.0 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
7.1 You acknowledge that the Licensed Software may have defects or deficiencies
that cannot or will not be corrected by Sun. You will hold Sun and its
licensors harmless from any claims based on your use of the Licensed Software
for any purposes, and from any claims that later versions or releases of any
Licensed Software furnished to you are incompatible with the Licensed Software
provided to you under this Agreement.

7.2 You shall have the sole responsibility to protect adequately and backup
your data and/or equipment used in connection with the Licensed Software. You
shall not claim against Sun or its licensors for lost data, re-run time,
inaccurate output, work delays or lost profits resulting from your use of the
Licensed Software.

7.3 You acknowledge that Sun is under no obligation to release the Licensed
Software as a product of Sun or to offer any further releases, versions,
enhancements, or updates of the Licensed Software or any bug fixes or
corrections for the Licensed Software.

7.4 NEITHER SUN NOR ANY OF SUN'S LICENSORS WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT,
PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR
ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING LOSS OF BUSINESS, REVENUE, PROFITS,
USE, DATA OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE), HOWEVER IT ARISES, WHETHER FOR BREACH
OR IN TORT, EVEN IF THAT PARTY HAS BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.  LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES WILL BE LIMITED AND EXCLUDED, EVEN IF
ANY EXCLUSIVE REMEDY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
IN NO EVENT WILL THE CUMULATIVE LIABILITY OF SUN FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER
INCURRED BY YOU ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE TOTAL
AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID TO SUN BY YOU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

8.0 U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.
If Licensed Software is being acquired by or on behalf of the U.S. Government
or by a U.S. Government prime contractor or subcontractor (at any tier), then
the Government's rights in the Licensed Software will be only as set forth in
this Agreement; this is in accordance with 48 CFR 227.7201 through 227.7202-4
(for Department of Defense (DOD) acquisitions) and with 48 CFR 2.101 and 12.212
(for non-DOD acquisitions).

9.0 GENERAL TERMS
9.1 This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of California, U.S.A., excluding its conflict of laws
principles.  You expressly agree and consent that exclusive jurisdiction and
venue for any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement will lie
with the federal and state courts located in and serving Santa Clara County,
California, U.S.A. The U.N. Convention for the International Sale of Goods and
the choice of law rules of any jurisdiction will not apply. The official text
of this Agreement is in the English language and any interpretation or
construction of this Agreement will be based thereon. In the event that this
Agreement or any documents or notices related to it are translated into any
other language, the English language version will control.

9.2 Licensed Software and technical data delivered under this Agreement are
subject to U.S. export control laws and may be subject to export or import
regulations in other countries. You agree to comply strictly with all such laws
and regulations and acknowledge that you have the responsibility to obtain such
licenses to export, re-export or import as may be required after delivery to
you.  Unless authorized by the U.S. Government, you will not, directly or
indirectly, export or re-export Licensed Software, nor direct products
therefrom, to any embargoed or restricted country identified in the U.S. export
laws, including but not limited to the Export Administration Regulations
15 C.F.R. Parts 730-774).  You affirm that you are not identified on any U.S.
Government export exclusion lists and that you will not use Licensed Software
for nuclear missile, chemical biological weaponry, or other weapons of mass
destruction.

9.3 It is understood and agreed that, notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, your breach of the provisions of Sections 2.0, or 3.0 of this
Agreement will cause Sun and/or its licensors irreparable damage for which
recovery of money damages would be inadequate, and that Sun and/or its
licensors will therefore be entitled to seek timely injunctive relief, without
the necessity of posting bond or other security, to protect Sun's and/or its
licensors' rights under this Agreement in addition to any and all remedies
available at law.

9.4 You may not assign or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations
under this Agreement, without the prior written consent of Sun.

9.5 If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid by any law or regulation
of any government or by any court, such invalidity will not affect the
enforceability of any other provisions.

9.6 Any express waiver or failure to exercise promptly any right under this
Agreement will not create a continuing waiver or any expectation of
non-enforcement.

9.7 This Agreement is the parties' entire agreement relating to its subject
matter.  It supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written
communications, proposals, conditions, representations and warranties and
prevails over any conflicting or additional terms of any quote, order,
acknowledgment, or other communication between the parties relating to its
subject matter during the term of this Agreement. No modification to this
Agreement will be binding, unless in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of each party.
